---

layout: col-sidebar
title: May 2022 EU Board Meeting Minutes
date: 2022-05-31

---

## Meeting Details

- Date: 31 May 2022
- Time: 1400 US Eastern, UTC 1900 [convert](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2022&month=05&day=31&hour=19&min=0&sec=0&p1=16&p2=919&p3=78&p4=136&p5=137&p6=176&p7=179)
- Location: Remote
- Call-in: [Zoom Meeting](https://meet.google.com/vam-guow-tjk)

## Agenda

### TRANSLATION

This agenda and minutes will be translated to Flemish per Belgian requirements.

### CALL TO ORDER

EU Board Members
- Martin KNOBLOCH BESTUURDER
- Maarten MESTDAGH BESTUURDER
- Adrian WINCKLES BESTUURDER (late)

Guests
- Andrew van der Stock, Tom Pappas, Dawn Aitken

## CHANGES TO THE AGENDA

## Reference material

### EU Bylaws

The EU Bylaws are outdated and not maintained, and should be completely re-written if the move to the Netherlands is approved. We no longer have a copy of the the originals of either bylaws. If anyone can assist with this, please let us know. 

- [Flemish bylaws](/www-board-eu/attachments/Gepubliceerde_Statuten_OWASP_Europe_VZW.pdf)
- [English translation of bylaws](/www-board-eu/attachments/126741_OWASP_vzw_modelstatuten_v0.9_EN_REV.pdf)

### APPROVAL OF MINUTES

- [Flemish](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FOMs8EgFNw02LukxqAl4T_KUIF3_XhjjVL7jMNDVpkY/edit)
- [English](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vcbGJC61RQUci2LqECObg605mGGrVx7kaOBb3Q2m1NM/edit)

### REPORTS

### Executive Director Report

The EU Entity is in the process of being moved to the Netherlands. Tom Pappas will give an update on progress.

The previous EU Board voted to dissolve the Belgian entity, so this will be the last meeting of this entity.

#### Director compliance requirement

The SR FIDUCIAIRE CVBA firm has asked the following of the eventual EU Board members: "When you mail us the minutes, can you also mail us the passports of all the members of the board of directors?"

### Finance Report

To be presented by Tom Pappas. Please ask any questions, including around the unauthorized bank account opened by a previous director, and the progress on migrating EU finances to be more manageable and for far lower cost.

- [EU Financial Package](TBA)

### NEW BUSINESS

### COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND OTHER BUSINESS

### ADJOURNMENT

#### Adjournment motion

This is the last meeting of this entity before dissolution. There will be no further meetings.

"It is moved, and seconded to adjourn. Those in favor, say "aye""

Sponsor: Martin
Second: Adrian
